feat(docker): add possibility to define registry aliases (#10102)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

> ## aliases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## aliases

### `helm-requirements` alias
```

The `aliases` object is used for configuring registry aliases.

> Currently it is needed/supported for the `helm-requirements` and `docker` manager only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently it is needed/supported for the `helm-requirements` and `docker` managers only.
```

Author: fixed in a10512a

}
```

> When using a `docker` proxy cache `aliases` can be used to map the images prefix on the proxy to the original prefix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following config will result in Renovate treating images starting with `registry.example.com/proxy-cache` as if the image starts with `docker.io` instead.
Renovate will get the tag list from Docker Hub. which helps with/is good for (INSERT EXPLANATION HERE).

When using a `docker` proxy cache `aliases` can be used to map the images prefix on the proxy to the original prefix:
```

We're currently missing a explanation on why you might want this,, can you maybe add one?
For an outsider (like me) it's not clear from the current text why I might need this. 😄 

I think the problem is related to this quote?

> Since these proxies do not return a full tag list, renovate is unable to update images containing the prefix.

}
```

> The following `alias` will result in Renovate treating docker images prefixed with `registry.example.com/proxy-cache` as if they were prefixed with `docker.io` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Proxy cache workaround

The following `alias` will result in Renovate treating docker images prefixed with `registry.example.com/proxy-cache` as if they were prefixed with `docker.io` instead.
```

Renovate will get the tag list from Docker Hub instead of `registry.example.com`.

> This is useful when using a proxy registry like [Harbor Proxy Cache](https://goharbor.io/docs/2.1.0/administration/configure-proxy-cache/) or [Gitlab Dependency Proxy](https://docs.gitlab.com/ce/user/packages/dependency_proxy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful when using a proxy registry like [Harbor Proxy Cache](https://goharbor.io/docs/2.1.0/administration/configure-proxy-cache/) or [GitLab Dependency Proxy](https://docs.gitlab.com/ce/user/packages/dependency_proxy/).
```

The word GitLab should be capitalized. 😉

> These proxies do not support the endpoint for listing all tags and thus can not be used to discover new versions of images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These proxies do not natively support a endpoint that lists all tags and thus can not be used without this workaround to discover new versions of images.
```

Maybe a text like this is easier to understand?

Author: I applied this slightly changed in 31f596395d9f088f3d85f04900f8907ef0944b2c

Reviewer: Thank you for the grammar fixes! 😄
